Here are some questions/comments as I re-read the text and the notes:

1. We might be missing some of the introduction information from the first 3 paragraphs of chapter 1 under the heading Lichtquanten. It makes mention not just of the crises of the wave theory but that both are need - "je nach Fragestellung", that we now live with a "Dualismus des Lichts".
2. I think we failed to mention that the Austrittsarbeit is a property of the type of metal.
3. It is assert that the light quantum that must be supplied in accordance with the photoelectric effect, moves at the speed of light. Why "must" this be the case?
4. We use the phrase "massless dispersion relation" - that may need clarification.
5. There's a rendering issue with "Move the photon terms to the left in (2$\parallel$),"
6. The latex following "Now use the relativistic identity (valid for any speed)" seems to have a comma separating perhaps two equations. Only the second has an equals sign and hence the meaning of the first is uncleear.
7. A few of the quations, which appear on their own line, begin with a comma or a semilcolon, which must be incorrect.
8. Ah yes, equation 1.5 also has a comma in the middle like the equation I mentioned in item 6 above. These stray commans are the common issue.
9. That the compton wavelength of a particle "can be read as a measure of the particle's spatial extent" is a bit vague and could use some expansion. It's a tantalizing statement. Please say a bit more.
10. Say a bit more about what the "compton line" refers to.
11. The text makes mentionn of "Impulsverteilungen der Elektronen" - can you explicitly clarify this.
12. It would be fantastic if we could snip the figures from the text and include them in the markdown appropriately. Consider this a P2 as I'm not sure how much effort it is.
13. In discussing The Ritz combination principle, mention of " light emitted by atoms " is made. But why or how do atoms emit light? Do they need to be excited? Perhaps this clarification takes us too far afield. 
14. You emphasize the directness of the Franck–Hertz experiments. Is this in contrast to an earlier experiment discussed?
15. 
